there's a couple of major things that I will always tell my clients it's
a weiner that video Drive search right that means is
job search either want people to type in
your your L your website directly
or type in the name of your company or business and it enter into Google Chrome whatever web browser using
the two forms of traffic reckon organic Drive
direct is when they taking your website directly
in your name hitting enter into the search bar and whatever browser they're
using and then clicking on your link when it shows up in
probably Google cut to see what everybody's using
so we know that video drives that right
can we take a dive into your Google analytics we can see the
list in those main two areas of traffic
we can then take a deeper dive in there and show you the exact geographical areas
at the traffic is coming in from
tight with or zones to show you hey
you're airing in this Zone this is where your traffic is coming in from
dusk proven the attribution
because then take additional steps
if you have Google goal set up
mellow goal is pretty much
easier if I can explain it is what is someone doing once they get to your website
if you're a college or university or going to your admissions page
but they going to directions
anything of that nature
we can take a deeper dive and see what someone would a user is doing once they get to your website
NOTE lang en